# Examination-system
 Assessment is one of the critical constituents of classroom instruction. Using the traditional procedure of examination often results in human errors during the grading process and can be time consuming. Nowadays, with the technology advancement and the evolution of users’ needs, web-based examination system is made to deal with these challenges for an academic solution to conduct fast examinations and accurate results. 
In this study, we developed an effective web application, named “ONLINE EXAMINATION SYSTEM” composed of three primary roles, including teachers, students and administrators by using a combination of programing language tools such as HTML, CSS, PHP, MYSQL, and JavaScript. 
This system aims to reduce proportion of workload on examination, grading and reviewing on the part of instructors and students. Hence, it enables the release of examination results in record time and without error.
The purpose of Online Examination System is to take test in an efficient manner and no time wasting for checking the paper. The main objective of system is to efficiently evaluate the candidate thoroughly through a fully automated system that not only saves lot of time but also gives fast results. For students they give papers according to their convenience and time and there is no need of using extra thing like paper, pen etc.
It is suitable for both Academic and Non-Academic examinations. Different features of the online examination system are discussed in this project. The features include user’s registration, examination instruction, time reminder, submission of the answer script, and release of the examination results. The system enables the teacher or admin to create a test that comprises different subject areas.
